[DOCS] CLI Clean-up (#7904)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/guides/setup/configuring_data_docs/how_to_host_and_share_data_docs_on_a_filesystem.md

### 2. Test that your configuration is correct by building the site

> The following Python code will run and open your Data Docs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the the following Python code to build and open your Data Docs:
```
